Storybook: Forms.Form docs (#22654)
grafana/grafana: packages/grafana-ui/src/components/Forms/Form.mdx

  </>
)}
</Forms.Form>
```
Note that when using `Forms.InputControl`, it expects the name of the prop that handles input change to be called `onChange`.
If the property is named differently for any specific component, additional `onChangeName` prop has to be provided, specifying the name.

> Additionally, the value to for the `onChange` prop is passed as an array. Check [react-hook-form docs](https://react-hook-form.com/api/#Controller)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the `onChange` arguments are passed as an array. Check [react-hook-form docs](https://react-hook-form.com/api/#Controller)
```

> for more prop options.

Reviewer: Hmm, this must have change recently, hasn't it?

Author: Not to my knowledge, according to the release note's there weren't any changes related to it since the version we're using. 

To clarify - this `onChange` signature is specific to react-hook-form's Controller component, not react-select's.

Reviewer: yes, I get that. Interestingly enough, when I have visited the link above few minutes ago it asked me to update and there was definitely a change in the docs last week: https://github.com/react-hook-form/react-hook-form-website/blame/df42aaa867045d35fc23d98b3d798d2ce63a28a6/src/data/en/api.tsx#L966

Reviewer: But anyways, good catch with the API! <3

```jsx
{/* In case of Select the value has to be returned as an object with a `value` key for the value to be saved to form data */}
const onSelectChange = ([value]) => {
  // ...
  return { value };
}

<Field label="SelectExample">
  <Forms.InputControl

>     as={Select}

Reviewer: I'm not sure this example is a good one. When I look at it and see `as={Select}` I automatically think that this is grafana/ui Select (which isn't in this case as grafana/ui select does not have onSelectChange property). It's great you are providing this example, but would be even better, if it contained some dummy controlled component used instead of Select to picture the case you are describing here.

Author: Ah, I see what, you mean, good point! I was thinking about `DashboardPicker` when writing this, so I'd probably use that as an example.

    control={control}

>     name="select"x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name="select"
```

    onSelectChange={onSelectChange}

>     {/* Pass the name of the on change handler */}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {/* Pass the name of the onChange handler */}
```

    onChangeName='onSelectChange'
  />
</Field>

```

### Default values

Default values of the form can be passed either via `defaultValues` property on the `Form` element, or directly on
form's input via `defaultValue` prop.
Note that changing/updating `defaultValues` passed to the form will reset the form's state, which might be undesirable in

> case it has both controlled and uncontrolled components. In that case it's better to pass `defaultValue` to each form component separately.

Reviewer: Great note!

Author: :) I'm actually not sure what's the reasoning for this behavior, since it'd seem to me that default values would be only used once on init and not trigger form reset when changed.

Reviewer: Ok, so we added this behavior few weeks ago, to be able to provide changed default values. Maybe it's not the best decision. But does changing defaultValue's value on input level makes the form update it? Because by default, if you change the default values on the form level, those are not updated in the UI.

Author: The specific case I had was when `defaultValues` were passed directly from the Redux state. Updating that Redux state caused all the uncontrolled form values to be reset to defaults. 

This issue is only relevant when there's a combination of form values that are uncontrolled and controlled ones, the values for which come from Redux/component state
